[docs] Batch of fixes (#16229)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/progress/progress.md

# Progress

> <p class="description">Progress indicators and spinners express an unspecified wait time or display the length of a process. The animation works with CSS, not JavaScript.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Progress indicators commonly known as spinners, express an unspecified wait time or display the length of a process. The animation works with CSS, not JavaScript.</p>
```
?
